POWERGLOVE.

IOT IS COOL
Smart appliances and wearables have begun to flood the market as the world becomes used to the idea of IoT as a part of their 
daily lives. I wanted to explore the how IoT could change interaction with digital interfaces where a mouse 
or touchscreen aren't involved.

WHAT IS THE POWERGLOVE
<Photo /videos of glove at work>
Nintendo tried to make a run at a game system controlled by a glove they dubbed the "Power Glove". 
Its sales flopped spectacularly, which is probably why you've never heard of it - but I thought the concept was cool! 

In short, the POWERGLOVE measures voltage changes that occur when fingers bend, and translates that into motion. Thanks to 
node, johnnyfive.js and the power of websockets we can take that information and run it through a javascript application in real time!

HOW TO MAKE YOUR OWN
A Flex sensor is a special resistor that changes value when bent in a direction. Arduinos can measure voltage 
at points in a circuit. Making a circuit with two resistors in it, one static and one variable, will make the voltage in between them variable.
By measuring this voltage, you can interpret how much the sensor has been bent! Check out the circuit below.

Put five of these together, slap them on a glove, and voila you've got what I had up there! I used an airsoft glove because they have
padding you can easily cut up to create a quick shell to protect the sensors, but you can use anything.

If you're getting a lot of noise, try playing around with the paired resistor weight. Generally flex sensors 
will have a resistance of 10K, so pairing it with another 10K is a good place to start; personally, I used 22K for
all fingers except the thumb.

PROTOTYPING AND HOMEMADE COMPONENTS
This is not a cheap build. Flex sensors can go up to about $20 and aren't popular so it can be hard to find stock. 
I suggest playing around with the concept with whatever you've got lying around before committing. This video (link) 
can show you how to make homemade flex sensors if you don't want to spend a bunch of money. 

You can try making homemade resistors much the same way, although I highly recommend buying the wires.

WHAT IT COULD HAVE BEEN
The plan was to take this to Craft Con, an event some friends and I were organizing for IBM's design HQ that 